languages/arktype/README.md, before:

# Third-Party Notice (`languages/arktype`)

This directory contains files adapted from third-party projects.

## Source: ArkType Tree-sitter Grammar

- Upstream project: `jeffrom/tree-sitter-arktype`
- Source path: `queries/highlights.scm`
- Source URL: https://github.com/jeffrom/tree-sitter-arktype
- Applied files in this directory:
  - `highlights.scm` (adapted)
- License: MIT

### Adaptation Summary

`highlights.scm` was adapted for Zed theme/capture behavior. Local additions include
captures for `keyword`, `literal`, and `escape_sequence`.

<details>
<summary>License Text (MIT)</summary>

```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) Jeff Martin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

</details>

Commit message:

feat: improve support for boolean and regex

languages/arktype/README.md, after:

# Third-Party Notice (`languages/arktype`)

This directory contains files adapted from third-party projects.

## Source: ArkType Tree-sitter Grammar

- Upstream project: `jeffrom/tree-sitter-arktype`
- Source path: `queries/highlights.scm`
- Source URL: https://github.com/jeffrom/tree-sitter-arktype
- Applied files in this directory:
  - `highlights.scm` (adapted)
- License: MIT

### Adaptation Summary

`highlights.scm` was adapted for Zed theme/capture behavior. Local additions include
captures for `keyword`, `literal`, and `escape_sequence`, plus literal classification
predicates and regex capture alignment (`@string.regex` / `@string.special`).

<details>
<summary>License Text (MIT)</summary>

```text
MIT License

Copyright (c) Jeff Martin

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

</details>
